[Music]
13 tips you should know to survive wild
animal attacks many wild animals can be
dangerous or even fatal for a person if
you look at the statistics you might
feel terrified sharks cause just 6
deaths a year their infamous reputation
is very exaggerated wolves are
responsible for 10 deaths annually Lions
kill 22 people a year now get ready
elephants cute lovely Giants are the
reason that more than 500 people lose
their lives every year
hippopotamuses equal them in this scary
competition
crocodiles turn out to be much more
dangerous than sharks about 1000 deaths
a year but the champion here is the
snake one hundred thousand people meet
their end at the teeth of this reptile
to prepare you for any situation you can
find yourself in we've gathered 13 ways
that will save your life if you have
such an unpleasant encounter watch the
video make notes and remember to give us
thumbs up for worrying about your well
being number 13
sharks the good news is that out of a
hundred and fifty species of sharks
existing on earth only 20 attack humans
most of them just don't perceive you as
food so if not something tasty what good
are you now down to the bad news if a
shark gets interested in you it will be
tough to break away
to not attract sharks prevent blood or
urine from getting into the water sharks
can smell these at a distance of several
miles if you do meet face-to-face don't
turn your back on this predator
especially don't try to escape in a
panic
you will look like prey this way move
slowly if you have been caught
aim at the eyes and gills these zones
are the most sensitive number 12
kangaroos yes surprisingly a kangaroo
can pose a threat to a person however it
will only happen if you enter its
territory and the animal feels danger to
avoid a conflict do the following
Koff your coughs should be short and
quiet
the kangaroo will consider it a sign of
a disease and most likely won't attack
you slowly back away this way you will
look smaller therefore less dangerous
don't turn away and run it will only
provoke the animal remember that
kangaroos are perfect jumpers it will
catch up with you in a few moments
number 11 Lions if you have encountered
a lion maintain eye contact
don't turn your back and don't move your
eyes away it will give the predator the
time to attack try to look more massive
to create such an impression lift your
arms and jack it up if you look big and
threatening the animal will try to avoid
the encounter speak to the lion in a
reasonably loud and confident voice make
sounds and gesticulate such a behavior
isn't typical for a victim this way you
will baffle the predator so it will
perceive use an irritating presence
which is better to stay away from
number ten elephants elephants are
clever and quite friendly animals but
they are known to attack people
it is especially true about female
elephant mothers if they decide that you
are dangerous for their babies if you
come across an elephant pay attention to
their body language if their trunk is
curled and the ears are pulled back it
means they are going to crush you if the
animal approaches don't run try to find
something to become a barrier between
you and the elephant it can be a stone
or a tree number nine rhinoceroses
rhinoceroses have bad eyesight that's
why it is easy to frighten them and
provoke them to attack these animal
speeds can reach 37 miles per hour this
is the reason it is really hard to
outrun them hard but not impossible the
only way to escape from the rhinoceros
is to hide behind the tree it is a
substantial obstacle for the animal also
it won't follow you through the bushes
or high grass number eight
hippopotamuses these animals seem cute
but this image is very misleading they
can be extremely dangerous despite their
weight
hippopotamuses can run at a speed of
eighteen point five miles per hour they
don't have a perfect character as well
angering them is easy-peasy if the
weather is hot try not to enter the
bushes the level of water lowers during
the drought so the hippos hide in the
high grass
to make animals leave you alone climb a
tree rock or a steep hill wait there
until it goes away
number seven bulls despite the
widespread opinion Bulls react to the
movement not to the red or any other
color
that's why if a bull is running at you
stay straight and still use your hat
t-shirt or other clothes you have at
hand as bait when the animal runs up
close enough throw the thing as far away
from you as possible the bull will
change direction and follow this object
number six jellyfish a jellyfish Byrne
brings a long lasting nagging ache some
people believe that peeing on the
damaged surface can relieve the pain but
it is just an urban legend immediately
after being burnt wash this place with
salt water pure water will only worsen
the situation after that using a pair of
tweezers or a stick move the remaining
parts of the jellyfish away if you have
antihistamine ointment apply it to the
place of the burn
number five alligators or crocodiles the
jaws of these animals are the strongest
on the planet this case breaking free
won't be a piece of cake if you've been
grabbed hit the eyes the eyes and the
throat of these animals are their most
sensitive areas to make the animal let
you go aim at them if you notice that
the predator is crawling toward you on
the ground make as much noise as
possible run in a zigzag this is exactly
the situation when to run and shout is
the best solution if you see a crocodile
while swimming
don't create splashes don't shout it
will draw the unwanted attention try to
be as quiet as you can and swim away
number four snakes most snakes are
neither dangerous nor poisonous people
get 80% of their bites trying to catch
this reptile if you notice that a snake
is following you stop your feet the
vibrations will confuse the snake and it
will let you be if you have been bitten
don't try to suck the poison out from
the wound as they do in the movies
better to wash the bite with running
water apply a tourniquet and call an
emergency
number three bears bears attack people
quite rarely but if you get in the wrong
place at the wrong time it might still
happen it is necessary to know several
behavioral rules don't run if you run
you will look like prey a wild animal
will follow you at least out of instinct
and if you think that you cannot run a
bear forget it they can develop a speed
of 30 miles per hour fall to the ground
and curl into a ball
use your hands to cover your neck
pretend to be dead this way you won't be
considered as a threat any longer the
bear might toss you around for a bit
don't panic play dead a bit longer even
if it leaves you alone because these
smart animals often stay around and
watch their prey number two gorillas
gorillas are called the kings of the
jungle not without reason they are
leaders who protect their family and
land they don't attack you if you behave
obediently sit down to seem less large
and not to tower over the gorillas try
to whisper and avoid direct eye contact
in case of an attack or approach curl
into a ball gorillas are proud animals
as a rule they won't attack the weak and
defenseless number one bees
bees will protect their hive they can
bite even if you are just walking by
dark colors attract bees attention
that's why if you're dressed in a black
t-shirt your chances of being stung by
these insects are much higher if a hive
of bees or just several of them are
following you hide in a dark place the
lack of proper lighting will throw the
insects off your track we hope you will
never have to escape from our Rhino
Souris swim away from a crocodile or
meet a hungry lion however now you will
be able to protect yourself in the
wilderness share this video with your
friends make sure they stay safe and we
will appreciate your likes the more of
them we get the more people will be able
to see this video and perhaps it will
save somebody's life
[Music]